You have no family
Why destroy someone else's family?
Now there are rumors out there
Of course I have to prove my innocence before leaving
You're not innocent, are you?
Ok I tell you
Actually, I took those pictures.
I just want you to leave the Fan family
Don't ruin my daughter's happiness again
Now that you know, you can go.
Don't come back.
Chu Chu Chu
I didn't expect you to not only hook up with Wang Zitao
He and Mr. Chen colluded
I really misjudged you.
You don't go
I'm not finished yet.
Not Omori
It doesn't work like that.
Just because I love you so much
Oh, stop lying.
If you really love Omori
You wouldn't be unable to see it now
I'm not your van Dasen
What!
I said I'm not your van Dasen
I know you hate me now
But you don't have to say that, do you?
If you're not Van Dasen, who is?
You are my Van Dasen
You just don't love me anymore, do you?
Oh no, hey.
How come?
I can't help hitting people.
Sorry.
Chu Chu, why are you doing this?
I don't understand what you're saying
Don't hide from everyone around
Come out